Salesforce Release Notes



     Note Until the new release is available to you, links from release notes to Salesforce Help,
     implementation guides, developer guides, and other documentation don’t work. And sometimes
     the links point to material from the previous release. Some of our documentation has preview
     versions available several weeks before the release. To access a preview version on Salesforce
     Developers, select Preview from the Documentation Version dropdown list.


  Release Notes for Features Released Monthly
  For some products, Salesforce releases features and enhancements more frequently than three times
  per year.
  Release Note Changes
  Read about what changes were made after the release notes were published. Changes are separated
  by product and with the most recent changes first. The dates indicate the week that changes to the
  release note were made. Review the individual release note availability details.
  How and When Do Features Become Available?
  Some features affect all users immediately after the release goes live. Consider communicating these
  changes to your users beforehand so that they’re prepared. Other features require direct action by an
  administrator before users can benefit from the new functionality.
  Salesforce Overall
  Learn about new features and enhancements that affect your Salesforce experience overall.
  Release Updates
  Salesforce periodically provides release updates that improve the performance, logic, security, and
  usability of our products. The Release Updates page provides a list of updates that can be necessary
  for your organization to enable. Some release updates affect existing customizations.
  Agentforce Platform
  Supercharge your workforce efficiency with predictive and generative AI.
  Analytics
  Analytics enhancements include new and updated features for Tableau Next, Lightning reports and
  dashboards, Data 360 reports and dashboards, CRM Analytics, Intelligent apps, and Tableau.
  Commerce
  Commerce enhancements include features for B2B Commerce, Omnichannel Inventory, and
  Salesforce Order Management.
  Customization
  Complete Setup tasks more efficiently with the help of an AI assistant with Setup with Agentforce
  (beta). Import and export translation files more easily with enhancements to the Translation
  Workbench.
  Development
  Whether you’re using Lightning components, Visualforce, Apex, or Salesforce APIs with your favorite
  programming language, these enhancements help you develop amazing applications, integrations,
  and packages for resale to other organizations.
  Experience Cloud
  Make your Aura and LWR site pages more discoverable to AI-powered search engines and improve the
  precision of AI-generated answers with generative engine optimization. Create richer HTML content for



                                                   2
