Salesforce Release Notes


  Learn about the latest features and updates to grow your pipeline and increase the efficiency of your
  sales teams. Sales Cloud is now Agentforce Sales. You may see references to Sales Cloud in our
  application and documentation.
  Salesforce CMS
  Previously known as Sidebar Extensions, Extensions in CMS have an improved development workflow.
  Build extensions to add more productivity tools to your CMS content workflow, such as third-party
  generative AI tools or tone and grammar editors. When you work with external content providers, you
  can now choose which providers are available to your workspace and where to save files from these
  systems.
  Salesforce Flow
  Compose intelligent workflows with Flow Builder and Flow Orchestration. Integrate across any system
  with Flow Integration.
  Salesforce for Slack Integrations
  Use Slack and Salesforce together to connect with customers, track progress, collaborate seamlessly,
  and deliver team success from anywhere.
  Security, Identity, and Privacy
  Redirections end for legacy host names, including instanced host names in API calls. Connected app
  creation is disabled by default for all Salesforce orgs. Salesforce Backup & Recover is now a native app.
  And, Privacy Requests fulfill your customers' Right to Be Forgotten requests.
  Service
  Service Cloud is now Agentforce Service. You may see references to Service Cloud in our application
  and documentation. Learn about the latest features from Service to supercharge productivity across
  your organization. Service features are released as often as monthly, so check here for the latest
  information.
  Other Salesforce Products and Services
  Get the latest information on these new features.
  Legal Documentation
  We made seasonal updates to Salesforce Legal Documents.
  Previous Release Notes
  Find information about previously announced features in the release note archive.




                                                      4
