Salesforce Release Notes


  Aura and LWR sites and enjoy greater design flexibility on LWR sites with expanded HTML allowlists
  and more readily available standard LWR components. Updates to Salesforce files make it easier for
  users to manage, delete, upload, and download files. The ability to create custom property types and
  editors for Aura and LWR sites is now generally available.
  Field Service
  See what’s new in Agentforce Field Service, formerly Field Service, to help your team deliver on
  performance and customer service.
  Hyperforce
  Products and features from Data 360, Marketing Cloud, Platform, MuleSoft, and Tableau Cloud are
  now available in more Hyperforce regions. Hyperforce Assistant introduced a new way to find hard-
  coded references. The Hyperforce public IP ranges now include addresses for inbound connections, in
  addition to existing outbound addresses. Prepare for IPv6 if you use IP allowlists.
  Industries
  Learn about new features and enhancements across the Industries clouds.
  Marketing
  Personalize every moment of engagement across the customer lifecycle and drive growth for your
  business with the latest features and enhancements from Salesforce Marketing apps.
  MuleSoft
  Use the MuleSoft Anypoint Platform suite of products to connect and integrate apps, systems, and
  data across your enterprise. Streamline operations by building and automating processes with clicks
  instead of code. You can design, develop, govern, and share APIs and integration apps and host them
  in the cloud or on-premises.
  Mobile
  The Salesforce mobile app now uses single sign-on for faster logins and notifications that lets you work
  on tasks. Create mobile and offline ready Lightning Web components with Mobile MCP tools.
  Omnistudio
  Validate your workflows built with Omniscripts and Flexcards end-to-end by using the UI Test
  Automation Model (UTAM) framework. For a fast, scalable experience, add Omnscripts and Flexcards
  to Lightning Web Runtime (LWR) Experience Cloud sites (pilot). Get immediate help with an
  Omnistudio component or element with the Omnistudio Assistance AI Agent (pilot). With accessibility
  improvements for Omniscripts and Flexcards, create inclusive workflows and solutions for customers
  and users with disabilities. Filter empty records in Omnistudio Data Mapper Extract and Turbo Extract
  components with the Is Null operator.
  Partner Cloud
  Start managing the full partner lifecycle in one place with tools built directly into Salesforce. Use
  Partner Cloud to recruit, onboard, enable, and co-sell with partners while giving them secure access to
  the data and workflows they need. Bring together key capabilities like deal registration, incentives,
  training, and performance tracking so your team can scale indirect sales and improve partner
  relationships. Partner Cloud helps you do more with the partners you already have—faster, and with
  less manual work.
  Revenue Management
  Learn about new features and enhancements for Agentforce Revenue Management.
  Sales


                                                    3
